created a brand handbook, aka brandbook (#16855)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/brand/foundations.md

PostHog writes more like a dating profile: authentic, maybe a bit weird – but most importantly, showing actual personality. We might not be for everybody, but our style will connect with the right audience. 

Ours connects with personality and ideas. Even the decision maker at an enterprise company is a human behind the screen.

Ask yourself when writing or designing: *is this a résumé or a dating profile?* If it's written like a résumé – or if it's something a lawyer might enjoy reading, it's not PostHog enough.

## The Hacker News test

Before you ship anything – copy, design, a campaign, a policy – ask: *how would this be received on Hacker News?*

Hacker News is intensely logical and skeptical. They'll call out corporate spin, vague claims, and try-hard humor in seconds. If you think your thing would get roasted, change it. If it would hold up to scrutiny, ship it.

## What we are not

A few things to avoid when describing PostHog:

- **Not "an analytics platform."** PostHog has grown well beyond analytics. Lead with what we actually are: a suite of tools that helps people build successful products.

> - **Not a single product.** We're a suite of tools under an umbrella we coin as Product OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Not a single product.** We're platform that help you (and your AI agents) build product autonomously.
```
